c02 translation update (#155)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c02/00/8/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「……一つ、確認させていただいてよろしいかしら？　今、わたくしと、その……あの……」=“...Is it alright, if I just confirm something once? Just now, you uhm, with me... uhm...”

> 「聞き返さないでくれよ。俺だって、緊張してるんだから……えっと、だからＨなこと、興味ないかなーって」=“Don't ask me to repeat it. I'm nervous about this too, you know... eerhm, I was just wondering, if you were interested in sex and whatnot, or not.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「聞き返さないでくれよ。俺だって、緊張してるんだから……えっと、だからＨなこと、興味ないかなーって」=“Don't ask me to repeat it. I'm nervous about this too, you know... eerhm, I was just wondering, if you were interested in sex and whatnot.”
```

> 「興味？　おーっほっほっほ！　ないわけないでしょう！　本番に備えて、知識だけは仕入れておりますわ！」=“Interested? Ohohohoh! Of course I am! I have studied as much as I can, in anticipation of the real act someday!”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「興味？　おーっほっほっほ！　ないわけないでしょう！　本番に備えて、知識だけは仕入れておりますわ！」=“Interested? Ohohohoh! Of course I am! I have studied as much as I can, in anticipation of someday performing the act!”
```

「ほんとに？　そりゃよかった。じゃ、早速」=“Really? I'm glad to hear that. Then, let's do it.”

> 「くぅ……上手く乗せられてしまいましたわ。でもここで引いてはわたくしの名が廃れます……受けてたちましょう！」=“Kuh... you led me into that one quite skillfully. But pulling back here would do disservice to my own renown... Alright, I shall take you on!”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「くぅ……上手く乗せられてしまいましたわ。でもここで引いてはわたくしの名が廃れます……受けてたちましょう！」=“Kuh... you led me into that one quite skillfully. But pulling back here would be a disservice to my name... Alright, I shall take you on!”
```
